[CIAPP] Add wall time sections to CI App Troubleshooting (#12479)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/troubleshooting.md

4. If no CI provider environment variables are found, tests results are sent with no Git metadata.

### The tests wall time is empty

> If you cannot see the tests wall time it is likely that CI provider metadata is missing. To confirm this is the case, open a test execution in the [Test Runs][3] section, and check if `ci.pipeline.id`, `ci.pipeline.name`, `ci.pipeline.number` or `ci.job.url` tags are missing. If these tags are not populated then nothing shows in the wall time column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot see the tests wall time it is likely that the CI provider metadata is missing. To confirm this is the case, open a test execution in the [Test Runs][3] section, and check if the `ci.pipeline.id`, `ci.pipeline.name`, `ci.pipeline.number`, or `ci.job.url` tags are missing. If these tags are not populated, then nothing shows in the wall time column.
```

> 1. Tracers use the environment variables set by the CI provider to collect this information. See [Running tests inside a container][6] for a list of environment variables that the tracer attempts to read for each supported CI provider. Make sure that this environment variables have the expected values set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Tracers use the environment variables set by the CI provider to collect this information. See the [Running tests inside a container][6] documentation for a list of environment variables that the tracer attempts to read for each supported CI provider. Make sure that the environment variables have the expected values set.
```

> 1. Tracers use the environment variables set by the CI provider to collect this information. See the [Running tests inside a container][6] documentation for a list of environment variables that the tracer attempts to read for each supported CI provider. Make sure that the environment variables have the expected values set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Tracers use the environment variables set by the CI provider to collect this information. See [Running tests inside a container][6] for a list of environment variables that the tracer attempts to read for each supported CI provider. Make sure that the environment variables have the expected values set.
```

> 2. Check you are running your tests in a supported CI provider, for a list of supported CI providers see [Running tests inside a container][6]. Only these CI providers can extract the information to enrich the test metadata with CI information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Check that you are running your tests in a supported CI provider. For a list of supported CI providers, see [Running tests inside a container][6] documentation. Only these CI providers can extract the information to enrich the test metadata with CI information.
```

Reviewer 3: Similar to line 81 above, this one also needs the word "the" in front of "[Running tests inside...]"

> 2. Check that you are running your tests in a supported CI provider. For a list of supported CI providers, see [Running tests inside a container][6] documentation. Only these CI providers can extract the information to enrich the test metadata with CI information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check that you are running your tests in a supported CI provider. For a list of supported CI providers, see [Running tests inside a container][6]. Only these CI providers can extract the information to enrich the test metadata with CI information.
```

> 3. If you still don't see the wall time, [contact Support][1] for troubleshooting help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you still don't see the wall time, contact [Datadog support][1] for help.
```

> ### The tests wall time is not what I expect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### The tests wall time is not what is expected
```

> The wall time is defined as the time difference between the start time of the first test and the end time of the last test for a particular pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The wall time is defined as the time difference between the start time of the first test and the end time of the last test for the given pipeline.
```

This is done using the following algorithm:

1. Compute a hash based on CI information to group the tests.

>   a. If the tests have `ci.job.url`, we use that piece of information to calculate the hash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  a. If the tests have `ci.job.url`, this information is use to calculate the hash.
```

Reviewer 3: Minor correction: "this information is used to calculate..."

>   a. If the tests have `ci.job.url`, this information is use to calculate the hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a. If the tests have `ci.job.url`, this information is used to calculate the hash.
```

>   b. If the tests don’t have `ci.job.url`, we calculate the hash using `ci.pipeline.id` + `ci.pipeline.name` + `ci.pipeline.number`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  b. If the tests don’t have `ci.job.url`, the hash is calculated using `ci.pipeline.id` + `ci.pipeline.name` + `ci.pipeline.number`.
```

> 2. We calculate the wall time associated with every hash we have. Notice that we can have multiple wall times for a certain pipeline, for example, if we have multiple jobs that execute tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Calculate wall time is associated with every given hash. **Note**: There can be multiple wall times for a certain pipeline, for example, if there are multiple jobs that execute tests.
```

Reviewer 3: I think this should be "Calculated wall time".

> 3. If we have multiple wall times, the maximum wall time calculated for a given pipeline in a certain commit is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If there are multiple wall times, the maximum wall time calculated for a given pipeline in a certain commit is used.
```

### Need further help?

> If you have another issue, or the above solutions don't work, [contact Support][1] for troubleshooting help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Still need help? Contact [Datadog support][1].
```

4. If no CI provider environment variables are found, tests results are sent with no Git metadata.

### The tests wall time is empty

If you cannot see the tests wall time calculated, CI provider metadata is probably missing. To confirm this is the case, open a test execution in the [Test Runs][3] section, and check that there is no `ci.pipeline.id`, `ci.pipeline.name`, `ci.pipeline.number` or `ci.job.url` tags. If these tags are not populated, nothing shows in the wall time column.

> 

Author: I was following the same "template" we're using in other sections.

> 

Reviewer 4: Fair enough, I did not notice that.

1. Tracers use the environment variables, if any, set by the CI provider to collect this information. See [Running tests inside a container][6] for a list of environment variables that the tracer attempts to read for each supported CI provider.
2. Check you are running your tests in a supported CI provider from the previous link. Only these CI providers can extract the information to enrich the test metadata with CI information.
3. If you still don't see the wall time, [contact Support][1] for troubleshooting help.

### The tests wall time is not what I expect

> We can define the wall time as the clock time that passes between the start time of the first test and the end time of the last test for a particular pipeline.
> 
> To do so, we use the following algorithm:
> 
> 1. We calculate a hash based on CI information to group the tests.
>   a. If the tests have `ci.job.url`, we use that piece of info to calculate the hash.
>   b. If the tests don’t have `ci.job.url`, we calculate the hash using `ci.pipeline.id` + `ci.pipeline.name` + `ci.pipeline.number`.
> 2. We calculate the wall time associated with every hash we have. Notice that we can have multiple wall times for a certain pipeline, for example, if we have multiple jobs that execute tests.
> 3. If we have multiple wall times, we will use the maximum of all wall times calculated for a given pipeline in a certain commit.
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The wall time is defined as the time difference between the start time of the first test and the end time of the last test for a particular pipeline.

This is done using the following algorithm:

1. Compute a hash based on CI information to group the tests.
  a. If the tests have `ci.job.url`, we use that piece of information to calculate the hash.
  b. If the tests don’t have `ci.job.url`, we calculate the hash using `ci.pipeline.id` + `ci.pipeline.name` + `ci.pipeline.number`.
2. We calculate the wall time associated with every hash we have. Notice that we can have multiple wall times for a certain pipeline, for example, if we have multiple jobs that execute tests.
3. If we have multiple wall times, the maximum wall time calculated for a given pipeline in a certain commit is used.
```

Do you think is needed to go into such depth about how this works for public facing docs?
